
DAIVBHARATHI TECHNOLOGIES a Trust/ Foundation incorporated under the Indian Trust Act, 1882, having its registered office at  bangalore (hereinafter referred to as “Foundation”, “We”, “Us”, “Our” and terms of similar meaning) is committed to protecting Your privacy. This Privacy Policy shall apply to the User of the Platform (as defined in the Terms of Use). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the User, shall hereinafter be referred to as “You”, “Your” or “Yourself”. 
  
This Privacy Policy shall be read in conjunction and together with the Terms of Use and forms an integral part of the agreement between You and the Foundation (“Terms of Use”).In the event of any conflict between the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy the provisions of the Terms of Use shall supersede the Privacy Policy. While any conflict dealing with the data on the Platform, the provisions of this Privacy Policy shall supersede the Terms of Use. All capitalized terms not defined under this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning ascribed to it under the applicable Terms of Use. 
  
The Platform Daiv and the corresponding mobile application (collectively, “Platforms”), are managed and operated by the Foundation. Any natural or legal person who accesses and/or uses the Platforms in any manner or uses any current or future service or functionality or offer made available on the Platforms (“Service”) will be subject to the terms and conditions for use of the Platforms as updated from time to time. 
  
The Foundation has adopted this Privacy Policy to set out the manner in which personal data and other information is collected, received, stored, processed, disclosed, transferred, dealt with and handled by the Foundation in relation to Your use of Platforms i.e. The Platforms may contain links to other Platforms and applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that You provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party through the Platforms, and any third-party Platforms or application that You access through the Paltforms which leads to a third-party Platform or application not controlled/operated by Us. The Foundation shall not be liable for and has no control over the services provided, practices, and content of any such third-party Platform not controlled/operated by us. 
  
By clicking on the “I accept” button on the landing page, You accept this Privacy Policy and agree to be legally bound by the same. If You do not agree to the Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the Platform. 
  
Please read this Privacy Policy in conjunction with Our Terms of Use and other policies available at Our Platforms. When You access or use the Platform pursuant to clicking on the “I accept” button, You agree to Our Privacy Policy, and You consent to Our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of Your Personal Data including cache information for the purpose of making the Platform and/or Our service available to You, in accordance with the Privacy Policy. We collect, store, use and disclose Personal Information in accordance with all applicable laws in India, relating to the protection of Personal Information. While You may be able to browse the Platform from countries outside of India, however, please note We collect, store, use and disclose Personal Information in accordance with all applicable laws in India, that is Information Technology Act of 2000 (hereinafter referred to as “IT Act”), Digital Personal Data Protection Act of 2023 (hereinafter referred to as “DPDP Act”), which makes us compliant with the major mandates of international laws and standards. 
  
The Privacy Policy constitutes an electronic record within the meaning of the applicable law. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures. 
 

If You do not accept and agree with Our Privacy Policy, then You must cease to access or use of Our Platform. We commit to protecting Your privacy and hence Our Personal Data (defined herein below) handling practices are continually reviewed to ensure compliance with the applicable Privacy laws and regulations. 
  
Interpretation 
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following Clause 2. The following definitions shall have the same meaning, regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural form. 
  
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy: 
“Advertisement” refers to details (Ours or of Third Party) that may be displayed on the Platform stating the details of this model. The term shall also be interpreted in context enumerated differently on specific clauses in this Privacy Policy. 
“Application/App” means the Daiv to Users for accessing and watching Content, including all features and functionalities and user interfaces. 
“Cache” means a high-speed data storage layer which stores a subset of data, typically transient in nature. 
“Foundation” refers to DAIVBHARATHI TECHNOLOGIES  
"Consent" means freely given, specific, informed, and unambiguous agreement by the user to the processing of their personal information. 
“Cookies” are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device, by Our Platform, containing the details of Your browsing history on Our Platform. 
“Device” means any IT device that can access the Platform such as a computer, a cellphone, handheld device and/or a digital tablet. 
“Non-Personal Data” shall mean data that is not Personal Data. 
 
“Personally Identifiable Information” shall mean information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. 
 “Personal Information/ Data” means any information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or indirectly or in combination with other information available with Us, can identify an individual. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. 
“Sensitive Personal Data or Information” means sensitive information of any individual relating to password; physical, physiological and mental health condition; sexual orientation; medical records; biometric information; any detail relating to the above as provided to or received by Us for processing or storage. However, any data/ information relating to an individual that is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other applicable law shall not qualify as Sensitive Personal Data. 
“Services” means the Daiv, to Users for accessing and watching Content, including all features and functionalities, the application, and user interfaces and software and websites/ web pages associated with the Service, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology, manner or means. For the avoidance of doubt, the term ‘Service’, shall also include all the Content available for viewing therein, all Our other services provided on or through the Service, and any software that We make available on or through the Service, unless otherwise specified. 
“Site(s)" means collectively all online platforms, applications other digital services owned, operated, or controlled by Us that link to/or display this Privacy Policy. This includes, but is not limited to, the primary Platform at Daiv subdomains, and other online services provided by Us. 
“User” means the individual accessing or using the Platform, or the Foundation, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Platform, as applicable. 
  
THIS PRIVACY POLICY HAS BEEN DESIGNED AND DEVELOPED TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND THE FOLLOWING: 
  
The type of Personal Information that the Foundation, though its Platform collects from its User(s). 
The purpose of the collection of means and modes of usage of such Personal Information by the Foundation. 
How and to whom the Foundation will disclose such information. 
How the Foundation will protect the Personal Information that is collected from the User(s); and 
How Users may access and/or modify their Personal Information. 
  
COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA. 
WHATWE COLLECT 
We collect the data provided by you as User Profile Data. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. While using Our Platform, may ask. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. While using Our Platform may ask You to provide Us with Your following Personal Data: 
Username 
Email Address 
Phone number 
Date of birth  
Gender  
Profile Photo 
Bio 
Location 
We collect Your Personal Information and Personally Identifiable Information (PII). Personal Information means and includes all the information related to an identified or identifiable natural person. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. We collect Personal Information that You voluntarily provide to Us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about Us or Our products and services when participating in activities on the Sites or otherwise contacting us. The type of data collected as PII includes full name, address, date of birth, contact information. 
When use Our Platform through Your device, We may receive information about Your location and Your device, including a unique identifier number (UIN) of Your device, device model, unique device identifiers, operating systems, apps versions, advertisement identifiers and mobile network information. We may use this information to provide You with location based Platform including but not limited to search results and other personalized content. 

While using Our platform, details such as mobility data, geolocation, movement patterns, distance traveled and network carrier may be collected when You use Our application available on mobile and other hand-held devices. 
Communications details such as the metadata and other Personal Sensitive Data We get from communications done through e-mails, SMS, instant messages and calls. 
In addition to the above, We may obtain and use the following Personal Data about You and anyone You chose to add to Our Platform. We also collect Usage Data generated from the circumstances below: 
Correspondence: Any correspondence We have with Users or should the Contact Us. 
Your preferences & Installed Apps Data: Your preferences and settings such as time zone and language. 
Your searches and other activities: The search terms You have looked up and results You selected. 
Your browsing information: How long You used Our Platform, and which features You used; the ads You clicked on. 
Your Calendar Data: We can integrate this Platform features like event reminders, community meeting, and religious event notification. 
Your Search: Details of Your visits to Platform, which includes without limitation location and traffic data, weblogs, resources You access and other communication data. 
Your Content: Information You provide through Our Platform, including Your email address, phone number, name, and details of the product search. 
Your Public Posts: You also may provide information (such as ratings, reviews, tips, photos, comments, likes, bookmarks, etc.) to be published or displayed on publicly accessible areas of Our Platform or transmitted to other third-parties Platforms. 
Location: When You use one of Our location-enabled services (for example, when You access Platform from a mobile device), We may collect and process information about Your mobile device’s GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of Your mobile device) and the time the location information is recorded to customize the Platform with location-based information and features. 
UsageData:Toelaborate, all kinds of Usage Data are collected automatically when using the Platform.Usage Data may include information such as User device’s internet protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of Our Platform that You visit  , the time and date of User visit , the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other cyberdiagnostic data.When You access the Platform through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device, the type of mobile internet browser that’s being used, unique device identifiers and other cyber diagnostic data. 
Device: When use Our Platform through Your device, We may receive information about Your location and Your device, including a unique identifier number for Your device, device model, operating systems, versions, file names, advertisement and mobile network information. We may use this information to provide You with location-based Platform including but not limited to search results and other personalized content When You use the Platform through the telecommunication device. 
Gaming Interaction Data. When You use the gaming feature of Our Platform, We shall track progress, reward achievements and personalize the gaming experience. (We provide coins) 
Analytics Data. We shall collect the Device type, IP address, crash logs and performance metrics. 
Invite Data: We shall collect the Data you provide to facilitate user growth, and the type of Data may include email addresses or contact information for invited friends or colleagues. 
Admin Data. We shall manage content and enforce community guidelines and shall track the actions taken by the moderators and admins (approvals, deletions, bans, warnings). 
We collect Your location data. If You permit the Platform to access Your location through the permission system used by Your mobile operating system, We may also collect the precise location of Your device when the Platform is running in the foreground or background. We may also derive Your approximate location from Your IP address. 
Like many businesses, We also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. 
We may obtain information about You from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing/advertising partners, as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information We receive from other sources include social media profile information; marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links). This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that You provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party through their Platform, and any third-party Platforms that You access through their Platform which leads to a third-party Platform or Platform not controlled/ operated by Us. The Foundation shall not be liable for and has no control over the services provided, practices, and content of any such third-party Platform. 
  
HOW WE COLLECT: 
How do We collect Personal Data: Directly from You when You provide it to Us voluntarily on the Platform details dial box; and/or as You navigate through Our Platform (information collected  may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies). 
How We collect Non-Personal Data: We gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis from all User(s) on the Platform. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact Our User(s), such as demographic information regarding, for example, clipped or anonymized User IP addresses, browser types and other anotatistical data involving the use of Platform to understand geography of Our User(s) and help Us better organize the Platform/ and the Platform can provide better product solutions to Our User(s). 
How we collect Data: We gather Usage Data such as date, time, browser type, navigation history of all who visit the Platform. The information gathered is used for Our internal security audit log, for analyzing trends, for system administration purposes, community meetings event reminders, religious event notifications, also, to gather User(s) behavior and usage patterns on the Platform. We may combine information supplied by You during Your visit on the Platform with Usage Data to learn more about User(s) and their preferences about the community content available on the Platform. We may use this information to tailor Our collaboration with specific religious and community interests of User(s), or to contact about offers from Our business associates and Third Parties which may be of interest to them. 
Purpose limitation: We collect Personal Data only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes. We do not use Personal Data for incompatible purposes from that disclosed when it was first obtained unless We have informed the Visitors of the new purposes, and they have consented where necessary. 
  
WHYWECOLLECTANDHOWWEUSEDATACOLLECTED 
The Foundation may use Personal Data for the following purposes: 
To enter a contract with You with Your Consent for legitimate business interests. 
 

To facilitate account creation and login process. If You choose to link Your account with Us to a third-party account (such as Your Google or Facebook account),We use the information You allowed Us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and login process. 
To send You marketing, advertising and promotional communications: We and/or Our third-party marketing/ advertising partners may use the personal information You send to Us for Our marketing/advertising purposes if you provide explicit consent by opting in. You can indicate your consent by checking the box below. 
To post testimonials and content data: We post testimonials on Our Sites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain Your Consent to use Your name and testimonials. If You wish to update or delete Your testimonial, please contact Us at Support@daiv.co and be sure to include Your name, testimonial location, and contact information. 
To Content Data and Monetization: We leverage the type of data including media uploads, texts posts, comments, content of notifications to leverage for contextual advertising on the User-generated content, enabling advertisers to target the End-user. 
To protect Our Sites: We may use Your information as part of Our efforts to keep Our sites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention). 
To enforce Our terms of use and other policies. 
To provide and maintain Our Platform, including to monitor the usage of Our Platform. 
To manage User accessibility: to manage and provide ease of access to the Visitors. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to details of different products listed on Our Platform that are available to Visitors. 
To contact User(s): To contact Our Visitors by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, to provide the necessary details of the products requested by the Visitor. 
To provide User(s): with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which We offer that are similar to those that Visitors have already requested or enquired about unless Visitors have opted not to receive such information. 
To provide Customer Support: To provide Visitors with customer support. 
To messaging data: Metadata around messaging patterns may be used to enhance targeted advertising on user engagement levels. 
Device Advertiser IDs and IP Addresses for: Us to target ads through Demand Side Platforms (DSPs) and Campaign Managers. This data allows advertisers to deliver personalized ads based on the behavior and location of the User. 
Compliance with law: To comply with applicable Laws, court orders, government and law enforcement agencies’ requests. 
For other purposes: We may use information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of Our campaigns and to evaluate and improve Our Platform, products, services and Your experience. We may also use this information to do internal research on Our demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve You better. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis and in a manner that does not personally identify You. We indicate fields that are mandatorily required to be filled and fields that are optional. You may decide whether or not to provide such information to Us. 
Managing and Collating Feedback/Reviews: We may collect information for collating Your feed back, providing offers, doing surveys and conducting research on Our user base for usage and improvement of Platform. 
We may use Your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of Our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve Our site, products, services, marketing, and Your experience. 
  
USE OF DATA COLLECTED: We carefully collect information while taking on the role of a Data Fiduciary according to the DPDP Act and assume the role of both Data Controller and Data Processor . We may share Your personal information in the following situations: 
With Service Providers: We may share Your Personal Data with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of Our Platform. We may share Your information without side vendors that We use for a variety of purposes, such as to send You communications via emails, messages or tele-call to inform You about Our Services (as defined in Our Terms of Use) that may be of interest to You, provide voice recognition services to process Your spoken queries and questions, help Us analyze use of Our Platform. Some of databases can be hosted by third party hosting service providers. We also may use vendors for other projects, such as conducting surveys. The following are the list of Service Providers with whom the data will be shared: 
DAIVBHARATHI TECHNOLOGIES Private Limited, a company incorporated and existing under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office at First Floor, #63, Ambition Arcade, 1st Main Rd, KHB Colony, 7th Block, Koramangala, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560095. 
This list will be updated periodically, and the list will be updated on the Privacy Policy from time to time. 
Storage of Data: We may engage a third-party data processor for assisting Us in storing Your data. We ensure that the third-party processor complies with all data protection obligations, which are not less onerous than Our data protection liability. In case, a third-party processor is being engaged by Us, the list will be updated in the Privacy Policy. 
DAIVBHARATHI TECHNOLOGIES Private Limited, a company incorporated and existing under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office at First Floor, #63, Ambition Arcade, 1st Main Rd, KHB Colony, 7th Block, Koramangala, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560095, Karnataka, India. 
With Your Consent:  We may disclose Your Personal Data for any other purpose with Your Consent. You agree to the above processing. We will never supply Your Personal Data to third parties unless under the conditions stated in Our Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, You acknowledge and agree that We may aggregate and anonymize You, Personal Data, and use and share such aggregated and anonymized Personal Data with third parties for statistical purposes and for the purpose of data analytics, product development, and/or Platform improvement. In case, Your Personal Data is being shared with third party(ies), the list will be updated in the Privacy Policy. We may also use Your Personal Data to protect against and prevent fraud, claims, and other liabilities and to comply with or enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and Our policies and terms. We use Personal Data for these purposes when it is necessary to protect, exercise, or defend Our legal rights, or when We are required to do so by applicable law. 
Third-Party Service Providers: We may share Your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for Us or on Our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include advertisement/marketing, payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Site(s), which will enable them to collect data about how You interact with the Site(s) over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, We do not share, sell, rent or trade any of Your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. The following are the list of third-parties with whom the data will be shared: 
DAIVBHARATHI TECHNOLOGIES Private Limited, a company incorporated and existing under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office at First Floor, #63, Ambition Arcade, 1st Main Rd, KHB Colony, 7th Block, Koramangala, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560095. Karnataka, India. 
This list will be updated periodically, and the list will be updated on the Privacy Policy from time to time. 
  
WHY WE COLLECT COOKIES: Cookies are small text files that are placed on Your computer by Platforms that You visit. Similarly, there are other types of trackers used. Likewise, mobile applications use requisite permissions and Software Developments Kits (SDKs). These are used to make Platforms & apps work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the Platform/ app. We, and third parties with whom We partner, may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, mobile device IDs, “flash cookies” and similar files or technologies to improve, collect and store information in respect to Your use of the Platform. 
"First-party Cookies" are cookies that belong to Us and that We place on Your device. 
"Third-party Cookies" are cookies that another party places on Your device through Our Site(s)/ Platform. We may contract with third-party service providers to send emails to users who have provided Us with their contact information. To help measure and improve the effectiveness of Our email communications, and/or to determine whether messages have been opened and links clicked on, the third-party service providers may place Cookies on the devices of these users. 
Persistent Cookies: We use persistent Cookies to improve Your experience of using the Sites. This includes recording Your acceptance of Our Cookie Policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when You use the Site(s). 
Session Cookies: Session Cookies are temporary and deleted from Your machine when Your web browser closes. We use session Cookies to help Us track internet usage as described above. 
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on Your browser. However, if You select this setting, You may be unable to access certain parts of the Site(s). Unless You have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, Our system will issue Cookies when You direct Your browser to Our Site(s). If You continue browsing the Platform, You will accept cookie use. 
Cookies or Browser Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of Our Platform. Unless You have adjusted Your browser. 
Web Beacons. Certain sections of Our Platform and Our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Foundation, for example, to count Visitors who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related Platform statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity) so that it will refuse Cookies. 
Analytical Customization Cookies, Tracking Scripts and/or Pixels (“Tools”): The Tools collect information about how Visitors access and move through the Platform. We use this information in either aggregate form to help Us to improve the way Platform works, or to personalize Your interests. For example, We use Google Analytics cookies, Facebook pixels and such similar Tools to help Us understand how Visitor sarriveat and browse Our Platform and Platform to identify are as for improvement such as navigation, Visitor experience, and marketing campaigns. Please note that third parties. 

Advertising/Target Cookies. These cookies prevent ads reappearing and ensure that ads (if any) are properly displayed. Certain third-party cookies may track Visitors over different Platforms to provide relevant ad of Your interests. 
Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. 
  
RETENTION/STORING OF YOUR DATA. 
We will only keep Your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy unless along retention period is required or permitted by law(such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require Us to keep Your Personal Information for longer than until the data is deleted years. When We have no ongoing legitimate business need to process Your Personal Information, We will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because Your Personal Information has been stored in back up archives), then We will securely store Your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. 
  
TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA. 
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Foundation’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. Your Consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer. The Foundation will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate control in place including the security of Your data and other Personal Data. 
  
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA 
Corporate Partners: We may share Your personal information with Our other corporate entities and affiliates. We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case We will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent Foundation and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us. We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions. These entities and affiliates may market to You if you provide explicit consent by opting in. You can indicate your consent by checking the box below. 
 
  
Third Parties: We only share and disclose Your information with the following third parties. We have categorized each party so that You may easily understand the purpose of Our data collection and processing practices as follows: 
The list of Third-Parties, along with the link to their respective Privacy Policy, with whom We may share Your Data is enumerated herein below: 
  
  
Sr. No. 
Third-Party 
Purpose 
Link to Third-Party Privacy Policy 
1 
DAIVBHARATHI TECHNOLOGIES Private Limited, a company incorporated and existing under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office at First Floor, #63, Ambition Arcade, 1st Main Rd, KHB Colony, 7th Block, Koramangala, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560095. 
 
  
  
  
Business Transactions: We and Our affiliates may share Your Personal Data with other business entity should We (or Our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or reorganization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur with other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow the same standards as the terms of Our Privacy Policy with respect to Your personal information. 
Law enforcement: Under certain circumstances, the Foundation may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). We may also disclose Your Personal Data to comply with (a) Our legal obligation, (b) protect the rights of Our Foundation, (c) prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Platform, (d) protect the personal safety of Visitors of the Platform or the public; (e) protect against legal liability and to protect the rights of Our Visitors. 
  
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS PRIVACY POLICY: 
You have certain rights with respect to the Personal Data We collect about You. The and the same are under: 
Right to access. 
The right to rectification. 
The right to correction and erasure. 
The right to restrict processing. 
The right to object to processing. 
The right to data portability. 
the right to withdraw Consent. Upon Your request, We tell You what information We hold about You, We rectify any incomplete or inaccurate information and also restrict the use of Your information. We will make reasonable efforts to delete Your information if You ask Us to do so, unless We are otherwise required to keep it; and 
the right to nominate another person to exercise rights in the event of death or incapacity. 
  
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA. 
We value, respect, and seek to protect Your privacy, and as a result, We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that We are incompliance with all applicable laws, including, but not limited to, the provisions of the Information Technology Act of 2000(“the IT Act”) read along with the Digital Personal Data Protection Act (“the DPDPA”) that naturally makes Us compliant with the major mandates of international laws and standards. The type of information gathered and recorded by the Us, as well as how We utilize it, are detailed in this Privacy Policy. While We do Our best to offer security that meets industry standards, We cannot guarantee or assure the total security of any information transmitted by You to Us. You should only access the services within a secure environment. 
  
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY. 
If You are under the Age of Majority and continue accessing the Service, the Foundation will assume that such access/ utilization of the Service is being done only with the involvement and express consent of Your parent/ legal guardian and that You have reviewed this Privacy Policy along with Your parent/legal guardian and that Your parent/legal guardian understands and agrees to it on Your behalf. If You are under the Age of Majority at the time of accessing and/or using the Service, Your access and usage of the Service shall be deemed to be subject to parental/legal guardian consent and under parental/legal guardian’s guidance at all times. You and Your parents/legal guardians confirm that the Service is offered to You for Your enjoyment and this Platform shall constitute a legally binding agreement between Us and Your parents/guardians who are contracting on behalf of You. Some content offered on the site may not be appropriate for viewership by children. Parents and/or legal guardians are advised to comply with applicable laws and exercise discretion before allowing their children and/or wards to access content on the Service.. Where Users are below the Age of Majority, all references to "User", "You" and "Your" shall mean and include You and Your parents/ legal guardians acting for and on Your behalf for Your benefit. The Service may include a section that exclusively provides access to only children-friendly content. However, in all cases, only persons of the Age of Majority are allowed to register any account on the Service as an authorized User and such person will alone be responsible for the operation of any such account. 
15.   LINKSTOOTHER/THIRDPARTYPLATFORMS. 
The Platform contains links to third-party/ external Platforms including Our partners. The Platform is not responsible for the privacy policy or practices on such linked third-party/ external sites not controlled/ operated by Us. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Site(s). When linking to a third-party/ external Platform, You must read the privacy policy stated on their Platform not controlled/ operated by Us. Please be aware of their terms since Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party/external Platforms. The Platform contains links to other external sites and resources provided by third parties for Your convenience and information only. We accept no liability in connection with any third-party/ external Platform accessed via a link from the Platform, or any contract entered or through a third-party/ external Platform. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and accept no responsibility for any loss or damage that may arise from Your use of them. 
  
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES 
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not- Track ("DNT") feature or setting You can activate to signal Your privacy preference not to have data about Your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. Regardless, one cannot control the DNT handling of third parties interacting with sites, such as Google Analytics, AdWords and others. As such, We do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates Your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, We will inform You about that practice in a revised version of this Privacy Policy. 
  
YOUR CONSENT. 
You Consent to Our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms by using the Platform. If You wish to be informed about what Personal Data We hold about You and if You want it to be removed from Our systems, please email Us by email: support@daiv.co.in or By visiting this page on Our Platform: Daiv Your data will be removed from Our system with prospective effect. Any action taken retrospectively will have no effect to Your withdrawal of Your Consent. 
  
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY. 
If We decide to alter Our Privacy Policy, We will update this Privacy Policy to reflect the changes so You are always informed of what information We collect, how We use it, and under what circumstances, if any, We release it. We will use the information in line with the Privacy Policy that was used to obtain it. We urge You to examine Our policy on a regular basis for the most up-to-date information. 
  
COMPLAINTS AND GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL 
Any complaints or request or concerns with regards to use, processing or disclosure of information provided by You or breach of these terms may be taken up with the designated grievance redressal officer. For this purpose, We have designated Daiv as the grievance officer, who will redress the grievances of the Visitors expeditiously but within one month from the date of receipt of grievance, and who can be reached by: 
  
  
  
Sending a letter marked to the attention of: 
Daiiv 
or 
Sending an email to support@daiv.co.in 
We will not be responsible for any communication, if addressed, to any non-designated person in this regard. 
  
HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US 
If You have any comments or questions about the collection, use or disclosure of Your Personal Data or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us in writing at the address below referencing ‘Privacy Policy’: 
  
 
Data Protection Officer 
Name: Daiv  
Address: Bangalore  
Email:  support@daiv.co.in  
 
 
